I want to ask someone who's kind of
knowledgeable on this stuff what you're
making a comparison video Internet
family how are you doing I am in Toronto
Canada Toronto Ontario Ontario Ontario
Toronto Ontario I am at buffer festival
it is a film festival for online
creators filmmakers who post on the
youtubes I've already been hanging out
with some cool piece but guess what
we're doing today we are comparing the
new iPhone 8 plus to the new Samsung
Note 8 there are Minotaur reviews and
comparisons but I'm only concerned about
the camera because they do a lot of
photo video stuff and so we are going to
see how it does the video camera stack
up between these two that's what I'm
most concerned with yes I take pictures
I think portrait lighting and blur blah
blah blah that Samsung has is dope maybe
we'll make some videos about that right
now I am most concerned about the video
the video the video the vent the video
John Vidya ha I've been checking out the
specs of both of them new thing that
stands out for me
was the iPhone 8 that is so clutch is so
good is before K and 60 frames per
second and then a 1080p and 240 frames
per second you get that buttery smooth
slow-mo all the videos that I make neat
final frames per second is 24 so to be
able to float on that footage in a
dramatic way is sick okay so I got my
new Apple 8 plus the beautiful new gold
camera don't you guys love hotel whites
all good and then I am borrowing this
Samsung Note 8 courtesy of Jonathan Hill
this will be recorded in 4k so any of
the 1080 footage that you're going to
see is just gonna be upscale to 4 okay
let's go
[Music]
deal we wanted to go on an adventure
today we have some free time so we are
going to wait for it you should guess
guess I'll wait for you
Niagara Falls John no have you ever been
to Niagara Falls
no have you no really this is gonna be
exactly so I am officially switching
over to only the iPhone 8 and only the
note 8 enjoy this comparison hey guys
future Sarah come and ask you the point
of this video it's not just straight of
comparison but showing you the
possibilities of these phones I'm gonna
edit like I normally would I'm going to
color grade like I normally would so the
purpose is to show you what this note 8
and iphone 8 plus footage can look like
and also peach emerge dot-com peach
emerges out link in description below
[Applause]
yeah you crushed that wish you would
step back from the edge my friend not
you could cut ties with all the lies
you've been living it Wow we have
arrived in Niagara we're going to a
place called Clifton Hill to check it
out and I think there's also one of
those last name anyways there's a ferris
wheel thingymajig that I definitely am i
right
say Ferris oh I hope it goes guys this
is Disney World
[Music]
okay we just stopped at the ferris wheel
up high above so you know what time you
party time hey it's party time put ice
on your ice to me and it's always the
opposite for some reference I
and think of four boards look at that
see this is a note selfie camera also
look here is a front-facing camera of
the iPhone 8 oh it's sunny we have
gotten closer to the Falls we were
wondering are we allowed to cross the
border because if you didn't know the
United States border is just right
across the falls but we're in Canada so
we're going to stay in Canada get some
more views
[Music]
something I will say when watching the
KC video I actually liked the flatness
of the like color profile better on the
note 8 which was surprising cuz yo girl
is an iPhone girls so I'm going through
the note 8 settings and it's kind of
weird cuz you don't have a lot of
framerate options these are all the
options you have you know the Full HD is
normal in 1920 by 1080 very curious if
this is 24 frames per second set by
default or if it's 30 and then you have
one option for slow motions you have 60
frames per second and then just one
option for 4k
[Music]
so I just learned from someone who
you'll see in a minute that you can
actually step up the selfie cam to 2560
opposed to 1080 originally so this is it
and high res but I want to ask someone
who's kind of knowledgeable on this
stuff what you're making a comparison
video yes I was the moment you posted I
was like the world yeah the world needs
more comparison exactly this so in your
opinion what did you like about the note
8 that wasn't something in either I mean
for me I think that they both have good
images but there's a couple of things
about the no Nate that are like better
the biggest thing is the removable
storage yeah what that means like you
put an SD card in this phone and then
you take the SD card out you don't shoot
a lot maybe it's not a big deal alright
but like at the end of your days you get
that SD card out close the files in it's
like a camera that's huge for me our big
youtuber you make a lot of videos I
think that that's a pretty big
difference yeah so if you don't know who
this is
YouTube channel subscribe to them down
below I was gonna say do it don't you
know I think in a plug for yes yes oh
wait this is Casey nice guys nice stuff
thanks for your opinion it was fantastic
to get the input from Casey Neistat
himself on the Samsung side of things
the variety of frame rates on the iPhone
makes the iPhone a winner for me it is
very helpful to have 1080 at 240 frames
per second and 4k at 60 frames per
second that is huge the only thing that
bothers me about the iPhone UI of it all
is you can't change the frame rates very
easily they're buried into these
settings whereas on the Samsung the
settings button is right there in the
camera that makes more sense for me but
I think as you can tell through the
footage you've seen you're gonna get an
amazing image out of either of these
cameras I like how the note had a
flatter image from the phone so it's
easier much easier to color great
probably the biggest things is Samsung
side you got removable storage iPhone
side you got better frame rates and
ultimately what operating system do you
prefer do you like Android or do you
like I oh s let me know what you guys
thought of this comparison down in the
comments below remember
peachie merch is available you got a cop
that PG merch
PG merch dot-com got some fun videos
coming out of Toronto for you guys to
let me know if you like this video hit
that subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week and remember
stay peachy okay
[Music]
you